.NET 10 Preview 4 (#9828)
dotnet/core: release-notes/10.0/preview/preview4/aspnetcore.md

## Signal Not Found responses using `NavigationManager`

The `NavigationManager` class now includes a `NotFound` method to handle scenarios where a requested resource is not found:

- **Static server-side rendering**: Calling `NotFound` sets the HTTP status code to 404.
- **Streaming rendering**: Throws an exception if the response has already started.
- **Interactive rendering**: Signals the `Router` to render a Not Found page.

You can use the `OnNotFound` event on `NavigationManager` to be notified when `NotFound` is invoked.

## `NavigationManager.NavigateTo` no longer throws a `NavigationException`

Previously, calling `NavigationManager.NavigateTo` during static server-side rendering (SSR) would throw a `NavigationException`, interrupting execution before being converted to a redirection response. This caused confusion during debugging and was inconsistent with interactive rendering, where code after `NavigateTo` continues to execute normally.

Calling `NavigationManager.NavigateTo` during static SSR no longer throws a `NavigationException`. Instead, it behaves consistently with interactive rendering by performing the navigation without throwing an exception.

> Code that relied on `NavigationException` being thrown should be updated. For example, in the default Blazor Identity UI, the `IdentityRedirectManager` previously threw an `InvalidOperationException` after calling `RedirectTo` to ensure it wasn't invoked during interactive rendering. This exception and the `[DoesNotReturn]` attributes should now be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Code that previously relied on `NavigationException` being thrown should be updated. For example, in the default Blazor Identity UI, the `IdentityRedirectManager` throws an `InvalidOperationException` after calling `RedirectTo` to ensure it wasn't invoked during interactive rendering. This exception and the `[DoesNotReturn]` attributes should now be removed. For now, this manual update is required when using the Blazor Web App template with Individual Accounts authentication. A future template update will address this change.
```
